WG Batch Annual report 2022 (#7212)
kubernetes/community: wg-batch/annual-report-2022.md

   - We're working on a document, that will be shared with the entire work group, about the exit criteria for the group.

2. Does the group have contributors from multiple companies/affiliations?

   - Yes, see [our agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOeUN-K0aKmJJNq7H07r74n-mGgSFyiEDQ3ecwsGhec/edit) for variety of presentations we've had over the past year.

3. Are there ways end users/companies can contribute that they currently are not?
   If one of those ways is more full time support, what would they work on and why?

   - Everyone are welcome to present any topic related to batch, so at this point in time there's no need for additional support.

## Membership

- Primary slack channel member count: 217
- Primary mailing list member count: 152
- Primary meeting attendee count (estimated, if needed): 20
- Primary meeting participant count (estimated, if needed): 10

## Operational

Operational tasks in [wg-governance.md]:

- [x] [README.md] reviewed for accuracy and updated if needed
- [x] WG leaders in [sigs.yaml] are accurate and active, and updated if needed
- [x] Meeting notes and recordings for 2022 are linked from [README.md] and updated/uploaded if needed

> - [x] Updates provided to sponsoring SIGs in 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Updates provided to sponsoring SIGs in 2022
  - [Introduction to Kubernetes WG Batch @ KubeCon EU 2022](https://youtu.be/XeX2zBOykC4)
```

Overall looks good :) 
Just wanted to include the vid from KubeCon EU, I dont think there was one for NA.

Author: Done

   - Closely collaborated with SIG Apps, SIG Node and SIG Scheduling to improve batch workloads on kubernetes:
      - [2307 - Job tracking without lingering Pods](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/2307-job-tracking-without-lingering-pods)
      - [3329 - Retriable and non-retriable Pod failures for Jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3329-retriable-and-non-retriable-failures)
   - [Introduction to Batch WG during KubeCon EU 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeX2zBOykC4)
   - Create [Kueue: A Kubernetes-native Job Queueing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSZUdU3iRY) project and release [2 major versions in 2022](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases).
   - Organize Batch Days during [KubeCon EU 2022](https://kubernetesbatchdayeu22.sched.com/) and [KubeCon NA 2022](https://kubernetesbatchdayna22.sched.com/)

2. What initiatives are you working on that aren't being tracked in KEPs?

>    - Continuing work on [Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases).

Author: Added.

   - Closely collaborated with SIG Apps, SIG Node and SIG Scheduling to improve batch workloads on kubernetes:
      - [2307 - Job tracking without lingering Pods](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/2307-job-tracking-without-lingering-pods)
      - [3329 - Retriable and non-retriable Pod failures for Jobs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-apps/3329-retriable-and-non-retriable-failures)
   - [Introduction to Batch WG during KubeCon EU 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeX2zBOykC4)
   - Create [Kueue: A Kubernetes-native Job Queueing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSZUdU3iRY) project and release [2 major versions in 2022](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases).
   - Organize Batch Days during [KubeCon EU 2022](https://kubernetesbatchdayeu22.sched.com/) and [KubeCon NA 2022](https://kubernetesbatchdayna22.sched.com/)

2. What initiatives are you working on that aren't being tracked in KEPs?

   - Continuing work on [Kueue](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/releases).

>    - Continuing work on supporting specialized hardware vertical through [Node Feature Discovery](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery)
>      and [Scheduler plugins](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins).

Reviewer 2: Thanks for incorporating my feedback. Just a minor rephrasing NIT:
```suggestion
   - Continuing work on Topology-aware Scheduling by enhancing [Node Feature Discovery](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery)
     and [Scheduler plugins](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/scheduler-plugins) to enable support for specialized hardware in Kubernetes.
```

Author: done

1. What work did the WG do this year that should be highlighted?
   For example, artifacts, reports, white papers produced this year.

   - We're still gathering feedback from multiple users running various batch-related frameworks and projects on kubernetes, see [our agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XOeUN-K0aKmJJNq7H07r74n-mGgSFyiEDQ3ecwsGhec/edit) for both past and upcoming topics.

>    - We've closely collaborated with SIG Apps, SIG Node and SIG Scheduling to improve batch workloads on kubernetes.

Reviewer 3: > I'm wondering what should go here:
> 
> * should we list KEPs? a couple made some graduation progress
> * should we list library / framework releases, for example Kueue
> * should we list presentation / discussion materials used during meetings? Maybe even the youtube recordings (I guess these could count as artifacts)

KEPs are already listed. But we can list releases of Kueue; I also think we can list presentations from kubecon:

- Introduction to Batch WG: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeX2zBOykC4
- Kueue: A Kubernetes-native Job Queueing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSZUdU3iRY&t=1s
- what else directly connected to the working group?

and perhaps mention that we organized two Batch Days in Kubecon EU and NA last year.

>    - We've closely collaborated with SIG Apps, SIG Node and SIG Scheduling to improve batch workloads on kubernetes.

Reviewer 4: I would highlight the keps to job.

Note that KEPs are not added to the working group report template. But we discussed pretty much every kep that involved job in the WG.

>    - We've closely collaborated with SIG Apps, SIG Node and SIG Scheduling to improve batch workloads on kubernetes.

Author: Added:

> 2. What initiatives are you working on that aren't being tracked in KEPs?

Reviewer 4: Development of Kueue, 2 releases in 2022

Author: Added
